:memo: Improve Workflow section (#152)
frinyvonnick/gitmoji-changelog: DOCUMENTATION.md

4. You can freely edit the new release in the changelog file, it will not be overwrite with the next generation
5. Commit `package.json` and `CHANGELOG.md` file
6. Tag your release: `git tag -a v1.0.0 -m "v1.0.0"` (or create a Github release)

> 7. Push to the remote `git push origin <tagname>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Push to the remote `git push --follow-tags`
```
